Align several PRs (#7891)
pingcap/docs: optimizer-hints.md

>
> If you specify only the table name but not index name in this hint, the execution does not consider any index but scan the entire table.

### FORCE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])

> The `FORCE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])` hint tells the optimizer to use only the given index(es).
> 
> The usage and effect of `FORCE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])` are the same as the usage and effect of `USE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `FORCE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])` tells the optimizer to use only the given index(es).

The usage and effect of `FORCE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])` are the same as that of `USE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])`.
```

> The usage and effect of `FORCE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])` are the same as the usage and effect of `USE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])`.
> 
> The following 4 queries have the same effect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage and effect of `FORCE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])` are the same as that of `USE_INDEX(t1_name, idx1_name [, idx2_name ...])`.

The following four queries have the same effect:
```
